So when we think about hallucinations, there are two major places
where we can intervene as the human in the loop.
The first is the input side,
and then the second is the output side.
We're going to talk through some strategies for evaluating
your outputs for hallucinations, but it starts with your input.
If you are cognizant and thoughtful about the things
that you're asking...
...the way that you're prompting the large language model,
then you can mitigate the vast majority of hallucinations.
Some of the strategies and phrases
that you can use to mitigate these are...
"Provide citations for the claim."
"Can you link me to the original study?"
"List three reputable sources
that support this statement..."
"...and then quote the specific sentence from your source
that contains this information."
All of these are strategies that we're going to use
in different ways going forward.
But if you build them in from the beginning and force
the language model to not just say, "Yeah, Shakespeare said this"...
...but also to say, "Where did he say it?
What was the context?"
"Can you give me other sources for what
William Shakespeare said about video games?"
Then eventually it's going to say,
"Oh, he didn't actually say anything." It admits the truth.